Why can't I wrap my
mind around the fact
that I am helping Alice
laird pack for college?
Maybe 'cause you're not?
You're just pretending to be
philosophical to avoid actually helping.
God. time flies.
It seems like yesterday you
were Sutton's age. and now you're…
- Eighteen.
You're a woman now.
- Ew.
- But wait.
Only two bags for an entire school year?
Charlie and I are going
away for a few months.
and I have an entire
suitcase just for my labubus.
I mean Sutton's labubus.
Dad's driving the rest of my stuff out
next month when I move into my dorm.
This is just soccer preseason stuff.
My god. I'm leaving in
three days. I need more time.
Hey. kid. You're ready.
I know I'm ready. You're not.
You're gonna be alone.
Liz and Derek are going to Spain.
this one's going to Tennessee.
and you kind of blew it with sofi.
I did not blow it with her.
I panicked. and then I let my issues
with your grandpa drive her away forever.
- Like a baller.
who gets into a big fight with his
boss right before he moves away.
and now the two of you
are icing each other out
like a couple of middle school bitches.
Which… which. by the way. I'm here for.
Listen. you guys. you don't have to worry.
I'm gonna be fine alone. I'm
actually looking forward to it.
I can drink things from the
fridge straight from the bottle.
Juice. milk. soy sauce.
And I can walk around
the house in my underwear.
Cool. I'm definitely not
worried about you anymore.
- Soy sauce?
- Yeah.
Sometimes I like to eat a bunch of
Sushi and then just do a shot of it.
That's disturbing.
You know. we both really appreciate
- you guys letting us stay.
- No.
It's just till our stuff gets here.
Are you really gonna live
in Connecticut forever?
Till the day I die.
I might even do it on this couch.
- Dad.
- Paul. no.
Maybe you'll croak on the toilet like Elvis.
Let's pack up for baseball
practice. bud. Come on.
- Who's Elvis?
- It's not important.
Why is he still around?
We are working on our marriage.
And forgive me for wishing that
Jimmy had knocked the Dave out of you.
- Jesus Christ. Paul.
- Wait. he told you?
All right. you know what?
I always preferred privacy
when talking to my dad
about my sexual partners.
so I'll just give you two a minute.
Thank you.
What? Jimmy blurted it out
when he was being mad at me.
Look. it was a weird time.
Dave and I were separated.
and Jimmy is such a caring guy.
It wasn't a big deal.
So. he was safe dick.
- Excuse me?
- Safe dick.
It means no-strings-attached sex.
- Yeah...
- like Julie was a safe dick.
and then she definitely
was not safe dick.
Please stop saying safe dick.
What's safe dick?
Your mom probably shouldn't
have said that in front of you.
I'll explain it to you later.
No. you won't.
My god. what is happening?
Why is this happening?
What is it?
Well. I thought we could
start waking up early
to help us adjust now to Barcelona time.
That's Spanish for "rise and shine."
What's Spanish for. "I'll fucking kill you"?
Fine. suit yourself.
Hola amigo. You're up early. Sean.
- Didn't you move into your new place yet?
- I did.
So. what are you doing. man?
You know. Alice is leaving.
Not sure now is the best time to
ditch Jimmy after all he's done for me.
So. what. you're just gonna
pretend like you still live here?
At least until there's
a good time to tell him.
That's crazy. He's
gonna be happy for you.
- Hi. Jimmy.
- Hola.
Hey… hey. wh-what are
you doing up so early?
I don't know. guys. I
heard a bunch of yelling.
- Yeah. that was us.
- Why are you so happy about it?
Look at this day. Come on.
Sorry. man.
I was just chatting with Derek on my…
On my way out of the pool
house where I slept last night.
Great story.
Do you know what time it is?
Everyone goes back to their bed. or…
What do you know?
She looked it up.
What's with the side-eye?
Normally when a long-term boyfriend pulls
out a new move like you did last night.
I would think he was cheating.
but I feel like you just lost your
way. and then you went with it.
What gave it away? Was it me
not knowing where to put my thumb?
Shit. I'm late.
I gotta get ready.
Hey. babe. you know that
new expensive bar of soap I got?
Please do not use it on your butt.
I won't.
But just to be safe. don't
use it on your face later.
Hey. baby. do you have any Tylenol?
I can't hear you now.
No. he didn't.
Wow.
My precious.
- Hey. babe.
- Yeah?
I got an idea.
- Okay. what is it?
- It's a really good one.
Why don't you and I get butt
naked and take a shower together?
Why are you breathing so hard?
I always breathe like this.
Why you standing like that?
I don't know.
- You wanna take a shower together?
- No. I can't actually.
I have a… I have an early patient.
- Bye. babe.
- Okay. give me a hug.
- Yes. Goodbye hug for you…
- thank you.
…my boyfriend. Love that.
- What the… bro hug?
- Yep.
Toit. I'm out.
What… a-are we in a fight?
I don't know. Could be.
Maybe. I don't even…
Hey. Paul.
- Yeah?
- Hey.
How are you?
Fine.
How's Connecticut?
Can't complain.
I got my own personal chef.
Don't spend that retirement
money all at once. right?
It's my grandson.
What can I do for you. Jimmy?
Listen. I'm-I'm sorry that…
Things got kind of ugly
back there before you left.
You were totally right
about what you said.
Which time?
How my feelings were
meant for someone else.
Don't sweat it. kid.
Textbook transference.
Ninety percent of my
patients go off on me
and then wake up the next
morning and realize I'm not their dad.
I know you're not my dad. Paul.
Do you?
Anyway. it's not… it's not how I
wanted to leave things. you know?
I was… I was actually really looking
forward to our goodbye breakfast.
I had a lot I wanted to
say to you before you left.
That's you. Jimmy.
Always picturing in your mind the ideal
version of how you want things to go.
But life's messier than that. and it's okay.
What about Alice? Is
she still coming by here
- on her way to wesleyan?
- Yeah.
She's worried about leaving
me in an empty house.
so I just gotta make
sure she knows I'm fine.
And then give her the
fucking best send-off ever.
And hit all her favorite
spots around town.
and when I drop her off at the airport.
I'm gonna give the perfect goodbye speech.
I'm doing it right now. aren't I?
You are.
But it's Alice. so I'm gonna
give you a pass this time.
Hey. listen. while-while I
got you. I just want to say...
dad. you can make
your own sandwiches.
Damn it. I g… gotta go. Stay in touch.
Okay. I have finished everything
on my grandma-to-be checklist
for before our trip.
I set Peyton and will up with our ob.
I sent them a case of prenatal vitamins.
along with a very interesting article
about how vaginas never
ever recover from water births.
Babe. did you write that article?
- Yes. I did.
- Yeah. There you go.
- Hi.
- Hey!
Hey. are you ready for brows and
boba? I found a place that does both.
I can't.
Connor's taking me out
to an expensive lunch.
It's our anniversary.
I am? It… it is?
Happy ten months and 13 days. baby.
This is like the third time
you're blowing me off for Connor.
I thought we were going to
hang out as much as possible
before I left for college.
Right. you're going away to college.
I forgot because you haven't mentioned
it for. like. almost five minutes.
- Really?
- Really.
- No. no. no.
You're not involved in this.
Okay. I'm sensing maybe a little tension.
- Shut the fuck up. Connor.
- Shut up. Connor.
You know what? I'm gonna
sleep with your brother.
Nobody asked for your fucking opinion.
Why? Why does this always happen?
It's just how it is.
Get used to it. pal.
Hey. please don't teach our
son that women are crazy.
Let him find out on his own.
- Liz?
- What? Yeah. I'm…
- Liz? Are you kidding me right now?
- I'm here. and what are you doing?
- Holy crap. Holy shnikes. Liz.
- What are you doing?
Look at this.
My god. he finally asked you.
He didn't do anything.
I found the ring. I tried it on.
It got stuck.
And what do you mean he finally
asked me? Did you know about this?
Of course I do. The dereks
tell each other everything.
Derek tells me everything. and
by transitive property. it means…
Am I also a Derek?
Liz. why didn't you say anything?
'Cause I didn't want to ruin the surprise.
I wanted to let you ruin it yourself.
I don't think I'm ready for this.
I'm still messed up over the Maya stuff.
and I'm trying to pull
off a big career jump.
That's why he hasn't asked you yet.
He was waiting for a good window.
But it's not his window to find.
We agreed to talk about big things first.
and him spending $13.000 is not talking.
- You looked it up?
- Yeah. of course I did.
So proud of you.
Okay. No. no.
No. We're gonna sit down.
Okay. exhale.
There you go.
Now. we're gonna slather
up that hand with lube.
Then you're gonna put it back.
and then when he proposes. we
are gonna be married-couple friends
who go on vacations together and
get into some crazy white lotus shit.
That sound good?
Then when I drop her off
at the airport. I'm gonna say.
"I just want you to remember
what I told you as a little girl
when you were nervous
about going to sleepaway camp.
You just tug on that invisible
string between our hearts.
I'll feel it.
Wherever I am. whatever
I'm doing. I'll stop.
"And I'll tug back."
- Damn.
- You got me.
Yeah. I got myself a little bit too.
Damn it.
I gotta… I gotta keep practicing this.
so that when the real
moment comes. I don't lose it.
That way. when she
starts bawling and I don't.
she'll know that I'm fine.
and she doesn't have to worry.
Yeah.
First night as an empty
nester's gonna be rough?
Thank god you're still around.
Hey. maybe tomorrow night I
could swing by the pool house.
and we can watch the
Dodgers game together?
Or we could maybe go to a bar.
Or you know what?
We can go down to
the stadium. see it live.
- It's an away game.
- Road trip!
- How far?
- Atlanta.
- Yeah. that's too far.
- That's too far.
Hey. there she is.
You excited for the perfect
last night before you leave?
I was thinking we could
do mini golf at castle park.
and then dinner at old town. and
then fudgy mondays for ice cream.
Whatever.
Off to a great start.
That's not about you.
She got into a fight with summer for
spending too much time with Connor.
Nobody got punched
in the ta-tas this time.
Is it weird I'm glad there's still
a little bit of father shit left to do?
Okay. Tomorrow night.
pool house. we're on?
We are so on.
You got to tell him!
Okay. inner circle.
I need you to help me
figure out what I'm gonna say
when Derrick gets down on one
knee and presents me with this.
- My god. So pretty.
- I know.
Maybe you not being able to get
it off is your body giving you a sign.
Or maybe it's Jesus.
My god. mom. not
everything's Jesus. okay?
I'm just bloated from my period.
Your period is Jesus.
- What did she say?
- She said Gaby's period is Jesus.
Her period is what?
Be older.
How many people did it take
to help you set this up. Paul?
I did it by myself.
With the help of four people.
Come on. guys. I need
you to fucking focus.
- Language!
- Thank you. baby.
Okay. pros and cons
of marrying Derrick. Go!
- White lotus weekends.
- No.
Keep in mind. he was supposed
to discuss it with me first. Okay?
- Not ambush me.
- I mean. can you blame the guy?
He's had to drag you
kicking and screaming
across every single
milestone in your relationship.
Liz and I were just talking
about this the other day at lunch.
Hold up. You guys are
hanging out without me?
- Yes.
- Sometimes.
Did she give you a rock?
No.
I don't think.
So much betrayal. I will
deal with the both of y'all later.
- Did you give her a rock? I still don't…
- this is not about you.
- I am never getting a rock.
- Just… I want a rock.
Also. the dragging me thing is not true.
He dragged your a… butt
out on your very first date.
And-and what… why was it
that-that she didn't like him again?
Because he's not an
addict who needs rescuing.
Right. That's why. That's right.
He had to drag you to
spend Thanksgiving with him.
Maybe the real question is
not "why should you marry him?"
But. "why the hell he would marry you"?
Is that so. Paul? 'Cause I'm
turning your ass off right now.
Thank god.
- Miss you. Fuck Parkinson's.
- Bye. Paul.
- Fuck Parkinson's.
- Sorry again. mom.
- I'll allow it. F Parkinson's.
So. what are you thinking?
Honestly. I'm still not sure.
All right. well. if we're not
inner-circling about grand babies.
I'm out of here.
I'm way too big for mini golf.
The whole time we were there. I
wanted to walk around the village
knocking over windmills.
Remember that time mom got banned
for breaking off the clown's nose?
Yeah. she wasn't even mad. She
was just celebrating a hole-in-one.
And maybe drinking a little.
Fair enough.
What is she doing here?
What the hell?
I thought we were meeting about
you wanting to ask out my mom.
You are way too easy to trick.
How were you not kidnapped as a child?
I was. I spent some time in Morocco.
That explains a lot.
Summer. please have a
seat. I got you some ice cream.
Listen. normally I wouldn't butt in.
- Yes. you would.
- Yes. I would.
But I just recently really
messed things up with a friend.
Trust me. you do not want
to leave things like this.
- That's why I brought you both here.
- Well played. pimp.
Look. change is scary.
Wesleyan is far away.
I think that you're acting out because
you're just scared of losing each other.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Can we FaceTime. like. every day?
Def. And also. you're not allowed
to make any new redhead friends.
I could never love another redhead.
I love you so much.
There we go.
And also. all new drugs.
we do at the same time.
and any lesbian stuff.
you try with me first.
I think you guys got this.
- Cornhole!
- Wow.
Now see. I think they should
consider making this a sport.
I think you just want a sport
that white guys can still dominate.
Well. now that tiger's
done. we got golf back.
- Thank god for hookers.
- Yeah.
- Cornhole!
- Guys.
I'm so glad I got here before Gaby.
She found the ring.
What? How?
It doesn't matter.
- She's not happy.
- Damn it.
Here she comes. Run!
Calm down.
A ring? What the hell?
Why would you do that?
Because I love you?
We were supposed to talk about any
future steps before taking them. remember?
Well. I'm sorry for
thinking that being with me
might be something
that made you happy.
You're being ridiculous.
Gaby. and I gotta be honest…
I think I know a lot of people here.
Is that my cousin?
And the horny girl
from your college class?
You look awesome.
- That's your sister.
- Hey. Derrick.
- And your mom.
- Hey.
What is happening right now?
Jimmy. he's onto us. Lights!
Got it.
Whoa. whoa. hey!
- I gotcha.
- I don't wanna get murdered…
- We're good. Calm down.
- …In a cornhole bar.
You tried to surprise me. but I'm
not having any of that shit. okay?
And I'm not kneeling.
'cause I got a lot to say.
and I'm not getting this
pretty dress in the dirt.
- You ready?
- Not really.
Too bad. Buckle up.
Okay.
Derrick.
My whole life. I felt like I
was from some other planet.
Like I was this tall Kal-El-ass alien
dropped on earth. just
trying to fit in with the normies.
You know. it was… it was kind of lonely.
And then you roll up all goofy
and super hot and really kind.
And you just never make
me feel self-conscious.
Like. seriously.
I would do you right
here in front of everybody.
You let me be me.
You know. you-you see my
crazy and then you just roll with it.
I let her do that.
I know. babe. I know.
I love that you're a
gentleman. you know?
And I-I-I love that you don't
need me to take care of you.
but if I ever wanted to.
you would still let me.
But I think most of all. I love
that you push me to move forward.
You know. just-just past all my bullshit.
Life started to feel a lot scarier this year.
Yeah.
But. I just think that if I get the honor
and privilege of having you by my side…
I won't be afraid of anything.
Not even this.
Derrick. will you marry me?
- Yes.
- Yes!
Grandbabies!
Why is my podiatrist here?
I don't know. I just emailed a
bunch of people in your contacts list.
- Shout out my podiatrist.
- Hey!
Hey.
- Podiatrist!
- Podiatrist. podiatrist. podiatrist.
Here we are.
Found it.
I almost left my real ID on the floor.
- Cannot fly without that.
- Nope.
I can't believe I gotta
drop my baby off at college.
Yes. I'm glad you guys managed to
sneak in one last adventure together.
Okay.
- Where is my… - hey.
- Hi.
Before you go. never forget
what I told you when you were little
and you were nervous about
going to sleepaway camp.
Just tug on that invisible
string between our hearts.
- and I'll feel it no matter where...
- real quick.
my ticket says coach.
That's a mistake. right?
Could you just give us
one minute. summer?
Sure. pimp.
I have your card on my apple
pay so. I'll just upgrade inside.
No matter where I am. whatever...
actually. last time I was in
a crowded airport by myself.
I ended up in Morocco.
Hey. Get out of here.
Thanks for everything.
- You're the best. I love you.
- Love you more. kid.
- Okay.
- Bye. Bye.
- Bye.
Let's go!
- Boarding pass?
- Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. That way. There.
Well. fuck you two
for making all of our proposals
seem lame in comparison.
My proposal would have been amazing.
but then Jimmy puked on
the piano and fucked Gaby.
- Yeah. I remember seeing that.
- Okay.
well. maybe not in
front of my new fiancé.
Then maybe I'll puke on
the piano and hit that later.
So. what are you guys
doing to celebrate?
Liz and Derek actually invited us
to join them in Barcelona.
Thanks for saying it right.
- Hey. I'm cultured.
- Yeah.
as an engagement
gift they got our tickets.
Hey. this is bullshit.
- Can we come?
- Stop. We have to go to Tennessee.
Fine. Can I come?
So. Alice has officially
landed in Connecticut.
Hey.
And I'm fine.
Can we all agree that I am fine?
- Yes. we can.
- You're fine!
- Yeah. you're killing it.
- That's a normal thing to ask people.
Game's about to start.
I'll grab some snacks.
We can meet in the pool house.
- Yes. sir.
- Cool. All right. see you guys.
- Bye. Jimmy.
- Enjoy the game.
Nobody else invited. I guess.
Sean hasn't told
Jimmy he moved out yet.
Wow. I think that deserves a group bfp.
- Yeah.
- Here we go.
All right.
That's a big flapping pussy. Sean.
Whoa. whoa. No. sorry. Sean.
I didn't know what that meant.
It's all right. man.
Time to sack up.
- Yeah.
- Right. sack up!
- Sack 'em up.
- You got this.
I think we need to come up
with a new gesture for sack up.
- Yes.
- I know.
Yeah. you're juggling. You're juggling.
Hey. I got the ham and
pineapple you texted me about.
I'm realizing right at this
moment you meant on a pizza.
That's okay. We can maybe
have a pool house luau.
How does that sound?
Look. it's time I told you.
I found a bigger place.
And I'm moving out.
That's awesome. Sean.
That's great. When are
you… when are you moving?
Three days ago.
Everything happened super fast.
Derek has this awesome place.
and he needs someone
to fix it up for him.
And you know how much I like
helping out well-to-do white dudes.
We are an overlooked demographic.
I should have told you sooner
but with Alice leaving. and.
hell. now everyone leaving.
- I just...
- hey. Sean.
There's no need to apologize. man.
Look. when you moved in here.
it was never with the intention
that you were going to stay forever.
Yeah.
I'm really happy for you.
Come on.
What can I say?
I'm really gonna miss you.
I'm gonna be like four blocks away.
Way to ruin the moment. Sean.
I'm betting Marisol's waiting for
you at your new place right now.
She might be.
Fuck the game. Get out of here.
- Keys to the pool house.
- Yes. Thanks.
Thank you. Jimmy.
For everything.
We're so happy you two
decided to make a pit stop.
Yeah. we talked it out. and we picked
this over microdosing at a Red Sox game.
These people still have
access to my father.
Speak of the devil.
Anyway. how could I
pass up an opportunity
for probably my last home
cooked meal in a while?
Don't sleep on college dining halls.
I used to eat cereal with
vanilla soft serve instead of milk.
Maybe take a little
weed gummy right before.
I'm on one right now.
Was dad just texting you
to see if I got here okay?
Yeah. he also said.
"Sean's moving out. happy for
him. but also kind of sad. you know?"
- What did you write back?
- Thumbs-up emoji.
- Dude.
- Why is that thumb black?
Gaby did it. I-I don't know
how to change it back.
He told you that he was sad
and that is how you responded?
Don't you know how
alone he is right now?
No. he's not. He's got that
girl that's too cute for him
but when she speaks. you get it.
- He doesn't have her anymore.
- What?
When did that happen?
A few weeks ago. I told you.
Do you not listen to me?
It depends. You guys say so much stuff.
I have to filter.
- Dad.
- What is wrong with you?
My god. You are unbelievable.
What do you want me to do?
Maybe just give him
some fatherly advice.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not his father.
If you are my honorary
grandpa. doesn't that make you…
Papa pimp.
Look. I'm 3.000 miles away.
Even if I had a magic bullet.
Jimmy has still got to learn how
to figure out this shit for himself.
To hell with a home cooked
meal. Let's get a pizza.
That's a great idea.
Bring the gummies.
Yeah. that'll be good.
You're not invited.
Thank god.
- I'm Batman.
- Wow.
Hey. Hey. Dan. How
you… how you doing?
It's…
It's pretty quiet around here?
Yeah. look's like everybody's gone.
Which means we can either
do our session in my office.
or we can gather up
all the couch cushions
and do it in a fort.
Office. please.
Your loss. Dan.
And Stan and his wife
are moving to Paris.
Can you believe that?
Who wants to live in fucking Paris?
I think most people. Dan.
Hey. you said you were gonna
get yourself back on the dating apps.
Did you make a profile yet?
No. but I did give Siri
an Australian accent.
It's kind of a vibe.
- Dan.
- I know.
After three years of therapy.
I'm back where I started.
Not true.
You have come so far
over the past few years.
Do not forget that.
Look. everybody has setbacks.
If I'm honest. I still find myself
right back to feeling alone.
Like everybody's moving forward but me.
Yeah.
So. maybe we both agree
to keep working on that.
But in the meantime.
maybe we can try to find
some positives in the solitude.
When you wake up
tomorrow. remind yourself.
alone doesn't always
have to mean lonely.
What the fuck are you
doing here. Matthew?
I'm house-sitting while
my folks are out of town.
and my mom said I could
swing by when I got hungry.
Well. you can't.
Just grab a pizza and get out of here.
I love pepperoni.
Hey. Do you wanna.
like. have a cup of coffee?
We could eat that pizza.
Just… I don't know. we
could just hang out and talk.
I'm good. Thanks.
No. me too. I'm good too.
Hey. Paul.
Hey. what's up?
You know me. man. I
just finished working out.
Getting ready to attack the day.
You're alone in your underwear
doing nothing. aren't you?
Very much so. yes.
Okay. well. I just called because
we really should have that
bye-bye breakfast sometime.
Yeah. I would… I would
love that. man. When?
How's now?
Hi… - hey.
Paul.
What are you doing here? How
long… how long are you in town for?
- Just a couple of hours.
- That's insane.
What if I had plans this morning?
You didn't.
- Paul.
- Let me talk. okay?
Life threw you a curveball
so. to try and control things.
you picture how you want
them to go in your own head and…
That doesn't work.
If you can't let go of this shit on your own
then I have to…
I have to keep trying
to shake it out of you.
You hear what I'm saying?
I… yeah. I do. but can we just
talk about this over waffles?
No. you're not eating with me.
You're eating with her.
Hi. Can I get a cappuccino please?
- Yeah. no problem.
- Thank you so much.
Not how you pictured it?
You fucking jimmied me.
That's right. I fucking jimmied you.
Look. kid. if you're ever
going to move forward.
you've got to let go of the past.
And I know that's scary.
But you're…
You're never gonna forget Tia.
Hell. you're never going to forget me.
No one will.
Letting go of the past just
means you don't allow…
Your scars to hold you back anymore.
I'm covered in them. Paul.
Good.
What a shame to be 42 years of age
and not completely covered in scars.
They're the evidence of a life fully lived.
I don't want this.
I don't want you to have to fly
all across the fucking country
just to make sure that I'm okay.
- I don't want to be a burden to you.
- You're not.
You're more of a son to me.
I don't know why I never said that before.
I think you're strong.
I think you don't need me.
But for as long as I'm around.
if you think you need
me. I will be there for you.
Because I love you.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Now. you got a choice to make.
Either stay stuck. or you
can go make some new scars.
I got a fucking airplane to catch.
Choose wisely.
- Hi.